South Florida known for many great
things great beaches watersports and a
place where people like to dine out the
bistro is chef owned and he's on he's
our ask now
today he's closed for lunch who's
holding a cooking class I'm about to pay
him a surprise visit here we go the menu
is a goat cheese that we have on the
menu and we pull up Abby Paula mom you
arranged it so it looks like a flower
[Music]
hello good afternoon ladies I see please
don't be stopping how are ya and a bomb
that's me yeah very done very happy
what's not just right in the middle oh
okay
first impression I had when Gordon
Ramsay walked in the door was what the
is he doing here
so what's wrong trade chef I just
thought would do like a little minutes
take little sirloin so maybe like a
large dice bringing up to the boil and
simmer for about 50 minutes
that's okay obviously just a little
smoke I follow Gordon Ramsay was just
being an actor
thank you very much I've enjoyed a nice
to see you so how do you think that went
happy with it not really
listen those cooking classes go very
very well first I don't want you to
it up to try and make a mockery of what
I'm doing in front of these people
Jesus are you always like this or always
like one so defensive you asked me a
question I'll answer you okay so let's
line up a little bit so Eddie start
cooking at me I've worked for Michelle
ruin London you work for Michelle great
water signing yeah miss exactly what
happen to me so we had a very similar
sort of training honestly from our chefs
point of view you've got your stripes so
in your mind the one single reason to
why the Russians not work in Elam will
be was some reason people don't find it
appealing to come in here and I mean the
locals with our bread and butter
clientele don't seem to enjoy the
restaurant and no biting people really
and truly are pretty demanding
and were fed up with it how the business
ever worked in nine years
no never it's gone up and down it's
never been great Andy and it said your
dear wife said very quickly know if it's
never works
don't be embarrassed I'm not but I'm
just saying that she's wrong